= Pharm

The little engine that could.

= Installation

This is a fully-formed Rails application. Thus you must know how to install Rails applications on your host.  Update the following files appropriately:

environment.rb:

  ExceptionNotifier.sender_address       = %("Pharm bug" <info@iridesco.com>)
  ExceptionNotifier.exception_recipients = %w(shawn@iridesco.com barry@iridesco.com)

= Dreamhost Installation

* Get your domain, or fully-hosted subdomain ready at DH:
  - Click Ruby on Rails Passenger
  - Make sure your web directory reads for example:
    /home/username/snapped.bjhess.com/current/public/
* Create MySQL DB
  - pharm_production
  - note user/pass for the DB
* Copy deploy.rb.example to deploy.rb
  - Change DH_USERNAME to your Dreamhost username
  - Change DH_FTP_SERVER to your Dreamhost FTP address (mine's bazooka.dreamhost.com)
  - Change DH_SITE_URL to your domain name (mine's snapped.bjhess.com)
* SSH to DH, cd /home/username/domain_name
  - assure your current directory is empty
  - If so: rm -rf current
  - mkdir -p shared/uploads
  - mkdir -p shared/config
  - Using the app's config/admin.yml.example, setup DH shared/config/admin.yml
  - Using the app's config/database.yml.example, setup DH shared/config/database.yml
    (don't forget to specify host on Dreamhost)
* TODO: Something about setting up public key from DH on GitHub account
* Back on your local machine
  - cap deploy:setup
  - cap deploy:migrations
    o If this doesn't work for you (new changes aren't getting deployed), change:
        set :deploy_via, :remote_cache
      In deploy.rb to:
        set :deploy_via, :copy
      It'll be slow, but at least it should work.
* Visit http://yourdomain.tld/admin to add a picture. Then http://yourdomain.tld will work!

TODO: Instructions for remote cache deploy working
TODO: Can we make a simple drag and drop FTP deploy?

= Credits

Pharm is maintained by {Barry Hess}[mailto:barry@iridesco.com] and {Shawn Liu}[mailto:shawn@iridesco.com], and is funded by Iridesco[http://iridesco.com].

= License

Copyright © 2009 Barry Hess, Shawn Liu, Iridesco. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the MIT-LICENSE file.